Custom IP (#2)
shkiefer/pyAnsys_DPF_dash: README.md

See [Medium article](https://towardsdatascience.com/ansys-in-a-python-web-app-part-1-post-processing-with-pydpf-44d2fbaa6135)

![](img/pyAnsys_DPF.GIF)

## Updated Commit (ansys_customIP): Add Custom IP 

> - If there is a need to specify a custom IP which can be used to host the web app so that it can be accessed by anyone from an organization. Specify the `--ip` flag along with the address of the server. For Ex:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there is a need to specify a custom IP which can be used to host the web app so that it can be accessed externally within the network. Specify the `--ip` flag along with the address of the server. For example:
```

  ```bash

>   <path-to-python-exe>/python.exe <path-to-source-code>/pyAnsys_DPF_dash.py --ip 127.0.0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python pyAnsys_DPF_dash.py --ip 0.0.0.0
```

  ```

> - Note, that you should have permissions to run the app on that IP address. i.e., it needs to be made public within the organization.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Note, that exposing an application at "0.0.0.0" makes it accessible outside of your localhost.
```
